This week I attended [ABDC](https://abdc.dev). These things were discussed:
- River lightning dashboard, what is its 'why'? Reminded me that creating a dashboard is a good example project, and interestingly in the strict on individual freedom and privacy world, dashboards can be especially challenging. What information to present, what information is shared over software, how to abstract difficult concepts in order to get useful information at-a-glance, etc.
- a blog post sharing a company's struggle with growth, understanding their 'why', their user, what problem they solve, being transparent about how it has changed over the course of the company's life. That's always good to see, transparency.
- someone said something to the effect of 'mempool.space has staying power because it feels alive.' When you show up at that site, you see things are happening, time is real there. I have tried and failed to capture this in a poem once. But it's good to remember what draws us to something at the core, very deep within, is life, the presence of it, the activity.
- [Config](https://config.figma.com) happened recently, so there are things to learn there, talks to watch. I plan on seeing some of them. New updates to Figma seem to be big for developer interoperability.
- I asked a question about best outcomes for working on a project in the open with the design community. Here's what I learned - consistency is what makes a stand-out contributor in this open-source environment.
_________________

Another month, another [ABDC](https://abdc.dev). Here are my notes from this meeting:
- much input from devs this time about communication and emerging design tool kits and the code behind them. It gave me the idea to look into the bitcoin UI kit.
- I need to define "design system" well for myself and scrutinize what makes good systems good.
- Lots of projects lean on the open community of contributors, and it's this type of environment that keeps me interested and coming back and curious.
- much talk over choices around presenting a unified balance in a lightning wallet. From Mutiny wallets designer, discussion of this choice and the difficult task of implementing it. He spoke a lot on how he does the delicate dance of communicating trade-offs to the user. Mutiny wallet has alerts to the user inside the flow of send and receive.
- I am tripping over minimalism as the ideal for design, more so after I watched [this](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J2R8l2wA-gw&t=1339s) from Penpot. I struggle to agree that minimalism is an ideal, having the feeling that it chokes out the chance for beauty. But after I examine this feeling, I realize minimalism's merrits in a lot of the things that I touch everyday.
- an interesting discussion arose after the topic of user research was presented. The point of view from the article presented was that research keeps guessing to a minimum, and that relying to much on your guesses increases too much your margin of error. The more we spoke about it though, we agreed that when you have something revolutionary and new, and you are playing at the edges of what is possible + what exists, research cannot help you. But, however, testing can. And you can be creative with testing, internally and externally.
- A few personal notes I made from what was shared was that design is not what it looks like nor what it feels like, but how it works. Functionality is the game of the designer, and for me, beauty will always be close behind. My challenge is to not get so personally involved and attached to beauty. Further, I made note of these observations: a designer knows people, assumes the best and the worst of them. A designer has conviction in their decisions which they should be able to point to and explain thoroughly.
